I had a stable job at a local resort, but I later lost this job.
I tried to look for work, but I was unsuccessful.
My savings ran out.
We had run out of money to buy a gas for cooking.
It felt like my world had ended.
I did some research in publications.
I found that I was able to follow the example of some brothers
who had found that they were able to start businesses using these schemes
and abilities that they had.
I was able to use a fishing net that I owned by going down to the sea,
to the river, put the net out in the evening.
Early in the morning I would go down and be able to find fish and crabs on the net.
It was not easy.
I did not always get a good catch, but by doing this,
eventually I was able to support my family during the time.
We had to cook outside on a fire.
I thought about how I could help my family to stay positive.
We would sit together, and we would sing kingdom songs, play games together,
and I feel that Jehovah blessed the efforts that I made.
He brews 13 of us five.
That scripture reassured me that,
as long as I didn't compromise the important aspects of Jehovah's worship,
my family's needs were cared for.
I have always admired the beauty and power of the sea.
It reminds me that the one who created the sea,
it's not hard for him to care for, just one small human like me.